so the beers come out of the woods here
or they come down right through here
faint trail leading to that big tree
down there that big red pine which is a
marking tree but uh as we come along
here they're sliding their feet it's a
way of scent marking and now we're
seeing the trail getting wider that
means they're spreading their hind legs
farther out what we call cowboy walking
sliding the feet and urinating at the
same time and then they stand up for
their back against the tree and start
rubbing especially their trowel the back
of their neck then they might turn
around and bite and then they get down
and they leave and they walk over this
tree probably dribbling urine as they go
and then they walk over this tree
[Music]
and old along this trail and into the
woods there are many ways of leaving
scent wherever they go sometimes people
say I've taken on the persona of a bear
bears are one of the most intelligent of
the North American mammals I don't mind
being compared with the bear
[Music]
you